README.md, before:

gin [![wercker status](https://app.wercker.com/status/f413ccbd85cfc4a58a37f03dd7aaa87e "wercker status")](https://app.wercker.com/project/bykey/f413ccbd85cfc4a58a37f03dd7aaa87e)
========

`gin` is a simple command line utility for live-reloading Go web applications.
Just run `gin` in your app directory and your web app will be served with
`gin` as a proxy. `gin` will automatically recompile your code when it
detects a change. Your app will be restarted the next time it receives an
HTTP request.

`gin` adheres to the "silence is golden" principle, so it will only complain
if there was a compiler error or if you succesfully compile after an error.

## Installation

Assuming you have a working Go environment and `GOPATH/bin` is in your
`PATH`, `gin` is a breeze to install:

```shell
go install github.com/codegangsta/gin@latest
```

Then verify that `gin` was installed correctly:

```shell
gin help
```
## Basic usage
```shell
gin run main.go
```
Options
```
   --laddr value, -l value       listening address for the proxy server
   --port value, -p value        port for the proxy server (default: 3000)
   --appPort value, -a value     port for the Go web server (default: 3001)
   --bin value, -b value         name of generated binary file (default: "gin-bin")
   --path value, -t value        Path to watch files from (default: ".")
   --build value, -d value       Path to build files from (defaults to same value as --path)
   --excludeDir value, -x value  Relative directories to exclude
   --immediate, -i               run the server immediately after it's built
   --all                         reloads whenever any file changes, as opposed to reloading only on .go file change
   --godep, -g                   use godep when building
   --buildArgs value             Additional go build arguments
   --certFile value              TLS Certificate
   --keyFile value               TLS Certificate Key
   --logPrefix value             Setup custom log prefix
   --notifications               enable desktop notifications
   --help, -h                    show help
   --version, -v                 print the version
```

## Supporting Gin in Your Web app
`gin` assumes that your web app binds itself to the `PORT` environment
variable so it can properly proxy requests to your app. Web frameworks
like [Martini](http://github.com/codegangsta/martini) do this out of
the box.

## Using flags?
When you normally start your server with [flags](https://godoc.org/flag)
if you want to override any of them when running `gin` we suggest you
instead use [github.com/namsral/flag](https://github.com/namsral/flag)
as explained in [this post](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/24873883/organizing-environment-variables-golang/28160665#28160665)

If you want to still use the standard flag package but support environment variables, you might want to try [github.com/peak6/envflag](https://github.com/peak6/envflag).

Commit message:

Fork Project
Rename project to github.com/cwarden/gin.

README.md, after:

gin
========

Forked from https://github.com/codegangsta/gin

`gin` is a simple command line utility for live-reloading Go web applications.
Just run `gin` in your app directory and your web app will be served with
`gin` as a proxy. `gin` will automatically recompile your code when it
detects a change. Your app will be restarted the next time it receives an
HTTP request.

`gin` adheres to the "silence is golden" principle, so it will only complain
if there was a compiler error or if you succesfully compile after an error.

## Installation

Assuming you have a working Go environment and `GOPATH/bin` is in your
`PATH`, `gin` is a breeze to install:

```shell
go install github.com/cwarden/gin@latest
```

Then verify that `gin` was installed correctly:

```shell
gin help
```
## Basic usage
```shell
gin run main.go
```
Options
```
   --laddr value, -l value       listening address for the proxy server
   --port value, -p value        port for the proxy server (default: 3000)
   --appPort value, -a value     port for the Go web server (default: 3001)
   --bin value, -b value         name of generated binary file (default: "gin-bin")
   --path value, -t value        Path to watch files from (default: ".")
   --pre-build value, -m value   Command to run before `go build`
   --build value, -d value       Path to build files from (defaults to same value as --path)
   --excludeDir value, -x value  Relative directories to exclude
   --immediate, -i               run the server immediately after it's built
   --all                         reloads whenever any file changes, as opposed to reloading only on .go file change
   --godep, -g                   use godep when building
   --buildArgs value             Additional go build arguments
   --certFile value              TLS Certificate
   --keyFile value               TLS Certificate Key
   --logPrefix value             Setup custom log prefix
   --notifications               enable desktop notifications
   --help, -h                    show help
   --version, -v                 print the version
```

## Pre-build Commands
The `--pre-build` flag allows you to run commands before each build. This is useful for 
generating assets, running code generators, or building dependencies.

Example using Make to build WebAssembly before the main Go application:
```shell
gin --pre-build "make web/static/app.wasm" run main.go
```

You can also use it for asset generation:
```shell
gin --pre-build "npm run build" run main.go
```

## Supporting Gin in Your Web app
`gin` assumes that your web app binds itself to the `PORT` environment
variable so it can properly proxy requests to your app. Web frameworks
like [Martini](http://github.com/codegangsta/martini) do this out of
the box.

## Using flags?
When you normally start your server with [flags](https://godoc.org/flag)
if you want to override any of them when running `gin` we suggest you
instead use [github.com/namsral/flag](https://github.com/namsral/flag)
as explained in [this post](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/24873883/organizing-environment-variables-golang/28160665#28160665)

If you want to still use the standard flag package but support environment variables, you might want to try [github.com/peak6/envflag](https://github.com/peak6/envflag).
